overall  全部的
outlined	概述（outline的过去式及过去分词）；轮廓
progression	前进；连续
Item Type	物品类型 ；项目类型 ；项类型 
stray far from	远离
beneath		在…之下
stub   
n. 存根；烟蒂；树桩；断株
vt. 踩熄；连根拔除
stub it out 存起来
discipline	n. 纪律；学科；训练；惩罚
desirable	值得要的；令人满意的
behavior - driven development (BDD).	
put forth	提出；发表；启航；（植物等）长出；放出
specifications	说明书；规格（specification的复数形式）
domain-specific language	特定领域语言
are conditioned to	习惯于
hurdle		障碍；跳栏；栏





Features should be small,simple, isolated, and testable.
An item type entity and a persistence layer that can store the item entity in the data store
An item type domain service that can provide a list of item types in the data store
A user interface to enable business users to list existing item types and create new ones

you need to determine in what order you ’ ll build them.

I fi nd it is generally easier to start
by building features that are closest to the core of the application and then build out

This enables you to keep the core of the application as simple as possible.

从UI开始

In cases where you are focusing on a set of libraries that will be consumed by a wide variety of consumers,
I fi nd the bottom - up approach more effi cient. In any case, feel free to try both, and do what works
best for you.

I fi nd it desirable to give my tests names that are meaningful and

BDD stresses stakeholder involvement in the software development process with both the technical and nontechnical groups.
BDD is about making your class, method, and variable names mirror plain English as much as possible.

命名是见名知意：when_working_with_the_item_type_repository

NBehave is a BDD framework for .NET that allows developers to
create specifications (business rules written in plain English) and link them to executable test code.

NBehave

将测试代码写在一个类中

But remember that a key ideal of TDD is to write only code that is essential, and
to not write that code until you need it.

Because_of
RGF过程

IMPLEMENTING THE FUNCTIONALITY
Writing the Simplest Thing That Could Possibly Work
It's important to meet only the current business requirement and not try to guess what will be
needed in the future.

尝试频繁的跑单元测试
Resharper
FNH